Read it
Brother Haohao said
Hahaha, the account verification is completed.
The funds are going through the process in the channel.
I'll get your money back in less than a month.
Hahaha ok
Wait until the money arrives
I can take Ling'er out of China
Silly Qiang, did you want to be a big brother a long time ago?
Brother, you know me.
Just my brain
When will you die hahahaha
He also said another business
Hmm hago
A friend is very kind to your goods and channels.
Interested in buying at a high price
But there is a strange condition
Field investigation is necessary
Oops, this is pie in the sky
Hahaha ok but
Why do I smell a hint of danger aha
Hahahaha, if there is a problem with my brother, I will find one to hack to death.
OK
Tell him to meet you at the warehouse at 3pm the day after tomorrow
Do you really want to take them to our warehouse?
What if the carry finds that it is exposed?
Take him to our warehouse number 19
The old warehouse that was abandoned for ten years
And tell the Martial Arts Chief to seal the spirit
Let him transfer some inventory over there
I understand that the fortune teller says that I will succeed in one go
But I don't believe it.
I am not happy
Xiaoqiang
Why are you in such a hurry?
Brother Xiong arranged for you to take care of it
Mind your own business
It seems that there is an entry from Haagen.
The ancient city bear is going to have a new move.
Is it a review of the winning streak and killing Jordan?